The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2020 and 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. Discussions of 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2019.
Fiscal Year Highlights
COVID-19 Update
COVID-19 has spread rapidly throughout the world, prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures in response. Such measures have included restrictions on travel and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantines and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused significant volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the future materially adversely impact the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

During 2020, aspects of the Company’s business were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, with many of the Company’s retail stores, as well as channel partner points of sale, temporarily closed at various times, and the vast majority of the Company’s employees working remotely. The Company has reopened some of its offices and the majority of its retail stores, subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers, and it continues to work on safely re-opening the remainder of its offices and retail stores, subject to local rules and regulations.

The full extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s operational and financial performance is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the Company’s control, including, without limitation, the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, the imposition of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products. Refer to Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” for more information.
The Company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidity arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, share repurchases, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations.
Fiscal 2020 Highlights
Total net sales increased 6% or $14.3 billion during 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by higher net sales of Services and Wearables, Home and Accessories. The weakness in foreign currencies had an unfavorable impact on net sales during 2020.
In April 2020, the Company announced an increase to its current share repurchase program authorization from $175 billion to $225 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.1925 to $0.205 per share beginning in May 2020. During 2020, the Company repurchased $72.5 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $14.1 billion.
On August 28, 2020, the Company effected a four-for-one stock split to shareholders of record as of August 24, 2020. All share, RSU and   per share or per RSU information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split.